The Joe Rogan experience.
As say this man and psych that it's the story.
You're just putting a story together. And I don't, I don't think, you know,
w without, without the stories, what do you talk about?
What do you talk about, you know, w what is,
what is the interesting side of conference conversation.
About your growth or your.
Journey? If it's, if it's, if it's just the easiest,
I just took the highway and got off of the exit and right there,
the exit I found the gold, everybody else did know what his dad was rich,
and I have a trust fund, and I never have to work out. What, what is the,
what is the interesting side to that? Like, I don't there's no,
there is no bonus in that, like, yeah.
I just broke my back. Right? The,
the dopest thing for me about doing that was not being able
to walk, but then being told that if I'm patient,
I can recover fully. I can get back to myself in me,
instantly thinking in my head,
I can actually be better than what I was.
If he's telling me I can get back to a hundred percent, I'm going to be better.
So the game is to clicked on, all right, tomorrow we start, we play.
New level.
I can't walk. God. Here we go. Can't wipe my.
I'm not getting, they say, I can't get in the gym. PT is some weird.
I'm just taking two steps on a Bussa ball. And I'm all right.
This is a little discouraging,
but I know they said I'm supposed to do it three days.
I'm going to listen to them. But on those other, all those other four days,
is there anything else that I can do to be working on Kevin?
You can strengthen your lungs. Aren't working with your breathing.
Here's a breathing machine. Okay. What about my, my hands? Is there any way?
My sense is tennis ball. Can I be squeezing? Should I be doing anything? No,
we don't have anything like that. We don't recommend it.
So if I found something and I researched,
if it's just motor skills and working on, is that fine? Yeah, that's fine.
But you know, we it's it's, it's okay. If that's what you want to do. Okay.
I saw that. Yeah. I'm not getting the same.
The doctors are just telling me to stop that I need to now stay within those
lines. I'm gonna find out the things that I can do.
Cause I'm playing a game now. I'm never going to overexert myself,
but the game has to be better. How do I be better than what I was?
Because if I do that, oh for me. I just beat me.
Yeah. Yeah. This ain't about nobody else. I don't give a about nobody else.
Beat me. If I can keep beating myself, pause.
If I can keep doing that,
then that means that I'm in a battle with the only person that
makes sense.
I'm in a battle with the only person that I really want to
beat. And that's me. I don't care about anybody else.
I have no worry or gripe about the next man or woman's.
Or, or, or, or, or their level.
Of success. That's not what, I'm what I'm up against.
If I can continue to outdo me from the day before
then I'm then I'm ahead and I'm ahead. And that's, that's what I,
that's the new found the new found energy that I got out of life.
Now, you know, I'm on this amazing Rocky story.
What my son is in my head, nobody else is watching this movie,
but me it's in my head. This is Rocky. This is the comeback.
This is exactly what I saw moving. I'm gonna come back better than ever.
I'm going to be 41. My body's going to be ripped up.
I'm I might be about 8% body fat. And then, and then I'm ready.
Ready for what Kevin know. Right.
I'll be better than you were before. I don't know. But that's,
that's what I want. I want that day to be like, yeah. Now what?
And then I figure out what I figured out. What that, what is that? Yeah. Well.
Tell me when you got injured. What,
what you were explaining it to me before the podcast,
but I want to talk too much about it. Cause I wanted to hear it now.
W w so everybody could hear it. What, what exactly was the injury?
I, I fractured, so I fractured my, my spine.
Right?
And it's from my it's either from my T 10 to my L one from my [inaudible]
whatever order that goes in. So I, how many fractures is, I mean,
that's that. That's just spine. That's about.
So you're fractured, basically everything. I.
Mean, you got like this much space and my back. So you got to think,
first of all, I'm already small, right? So does this practically my whole back,
if you look at this right here, if you look at this,
this is a fragment my whole back. So all of this fractured and what,
what happens is they had to fuse my
spine. So.
Do they have to remove the discs in between?
They basically had to fix so,
so the bones were where it's fractured.
Basically your spine is now out of whack, right? The, the,
the things that keep your spine connected and that allow you,
the flexibility are out of whack.
I got pieces of those bone fragments that are out of place out. So,
so they got, they got to fuse that back together.
So I got it, the disc material out and compress it and then screw them all.
So it's the bone, all one piece? No.
I, I think, um, I think I'm one. I don't, I don't know about the disc.
I don't know. I don't have that answer. That's a,
that's a little too technical for me.
And I should know that because it was my body.
But what I do know is that this thing that's,
my spine has eight screws and these eight screws
now hold it together. So through this time of healing,
because I now have metal in my back,
it was about getting your back to be comfortable with the metal,
but also back to a normal level of flexibility.
So where people up when you get this type of energy and you stay still,
you allow that metal to get stiff. You don't, you don't, you're not moving it.
So, so now your movements become robotic with it. So,
because as soon as I got out the hospital, I started,
I didn't have days off. As soon as I got out,
I started physical therapy. I did not wait. I didn't, I got off medication.
I said, I'm not taking off meds. You know, my dad was on drugs. I was like,
I'm not around that. So I dealt with the pain, but I say,
I got to start now because every day to that weight makes it harder
to go. So, because I was, you know, back and forth side to side,
doing all of those things, I got, I got my body to get accustomed to it.
And I got flexibilities. So now when you see me working out,
it looks as if I'm back and 98% back to myself right now.
But the work that I put into my core and my upper body
over the years are what saved me. Sign of God, of course,
in that situation. Because, you know, I want to tell us people just for,
just for you to know this health and wellness is so much bigger
than what you may think it is taking care of your body.
You don't know when all of that stuff comes into play and adds up
correctly. You know, the, the human body has amazing recovery.
The ability to snap back and go back to what it once was the body
muscle memory, all of that stuff plays a major factor.
So my healing
was a lot faster because of the years of work that I put into
it before. Now,
if I had enough and I didn't have that core, well, I'll be paralyzed.
I'd be paralyzed. I mean, it set up, you're literally talking about this much.
Doctor looked me in the eyes. You're lucky to be walking. You're this much.
If your core wasn't in the shape that it was.
And if you didn't have the strength to take whatever that impact was and
stay, you would have been snapped and you'll never be walking again.
So that instantly, thank God I go, you know what,
thank God for my trainer who jumped in into my life at a certain time and
change my way of thanking boss, Ronald boss, Everline and you know,
we've been rocking for seven years and, and the,
we have four years before, of every day, every day.
So now I'm like you, you're not wasting your time ever.
So when those people say, what are you working out for?
What are you getting shaved for? Why are you going every day?
You don't know when you're going to need to tap into all the little work that
you've done. You don't.
Know. You don't know if you'll ever need.
It, but to just know that you've taken care of yourself,
to know that you've given yourself a chance to
not only survive, but perform.
You've given yourself a chance to perform at a high level and day to day by
taking care of your engine. This is, this is my machine.
So I'm taking care of the engine, just like any car oil changes, just like,
you know, you your brakes, your, your, your tires, the rotors, all of that.
You taken care of that. So that was a great ride.
Every time you got to do the same with your body, don't ignore that. People,
you know, we, we dropping like flies right now. Heart attack, strokes, you know,
uh, kidney failure. You got people with diabetes, you got people getting,
uh, legs, arms cut off from bad eating from,
from bad eating over the course of years. Take that serious.
Don't wait till the end. That's serious. That's not,
that's not a joke. So when I look at people dying around me,
we have no control over when a day is going to come,
but I'm going to try to help amplify my time here as much as I can.
That's the big one, right? Amplify your time. You have energy,
you have a different kind of energy than someone who's unhealthy.
You have the ability to push forward. You have the ability to get done.
You have more enthusiasm because your body feels good.
You're recovering from your, your back injury. Look.
How long ago was the injury? How long ago was the crash now?
September. So what does that, September, October, November, December, January,
February, March, April was his may. Yeah. So only eight months.
It's about to be June is about to be nine. I'm going to get into nine.
And you said you like 98%, 98%.
I'm down to probably 10% body fat right now.
And as far as like movement, you can basically do everything.
And don't everything. Wow. Doing everything I'm up to running again.
I'm probably at, I'm probably a three.
I can go three and a half miles straight before. I'm like, oh,
the back starts to bother me before I get tight.
What are you doing for the bag? Are you doing yoga?
Are you doing what kind of exercise?
Physical therapy, you know, as random shout out to Dr. Pet, um, you know,
I make sure that getting the massages, uh, getting the work done,
because I'm doing so much within working out.
I don't want to not take care of that as well. So from heating it from,
you know, treatment, uh, just,
just literally doing things to make sure that I'm,
I'm constantly working on those muscles and not forgetting them.
I'm getting older. I don't want to act like that's not the case,
or that's not a reality. I'm 40 now.
So how do I take care of this machine? So at 50,
I'm not moving as if I'm 70, you know? Um,
I would say that's been, that's been a great adjustment,
but one that's really made me feel better like stretching.
You know, I didn't,
I didn't understand the importance of stretching of actually resting.
You know, I was gotta get it. Let's go, let's go time weights, hit it,
clanging and banging baby clanging and banging. But now, you know,
make sure you get your rest time so that you can come back and give the energy,
your cardio changes, roll machines. I'm on,
I'm on a bike, you know, um, um, um, Pelotonia and I'm,
I'm hydro and I'm running.
So the workouts change and you become more consistent,
uh, with your system, with my new system. So I think by July,
July, my, my goal is for my 41st birthday,
that's July six to be around eight,
eight and a half percent body fat at the age 41.
So it's all about body. It's all about looking good with the body fat.
For me, for me, the body fat means that I've just been super focused.
Like I eat,
I don't want people to think that I don't eat I'm I'm not a foodie though.
So it doesn't really count, but you know, I'm not on some strict, crazy diet.
You're not a foodie Lord, you don't enjoy, like, I'm not a foodie, man.
I don't know. I don't eat red meat. I really no red meat. No, no fish,
no seafood. Uh, I'm a, I'm a plant-based eater.
Everything's plant, uh, I'll go chicken every once in a while.
I'll dabble into my chicken. And that's what,
that's what people don't understand.
I don't think people really get that or understand that it's like, um,
just because you make the decision to go and try plant-based doesn't mean that
you have to engulf in that world, learn it,
understand it and see if there's benefits that work for you. And.
You gotta be open to making adjustments to do, you know, CT Fletcher.
I do know of him. I don't know him, but I know of.
Him loved. I got to death
as motivational as anybody that's ever lived. He had a heart attack. Um,
he had his heart replaced, got a new heart and he,
I don't think he's confirmed it, but he believes it's an Asian woman.
And I don't know if that's how he feels,
or like he's had some weird feelings about having this other person's heart
inside of his body. And, uh, he went a hundred percent plant based,
just changed. Everything,
changed his entire diet and puts all these videos up about his heart came from
an Asian, believes his heart came from an Asian woman.
I don't think he's confirmed that because I don't think they tell you,
but I think he's, he, he.
Just, you want to know? Do you want to know?
Yeah. I'd kind of want to know. Yeah. Maybe he knows now. He didn't.
I don't believe he knew last time I saw him in here, but you know,
the first time I met him, I mean, he's a powerful guy, you know,
it's still your set. Like, he's that guy.
And he's just always this like booming voice and just
gigantic muscles and he's all drive and go.
And then when his heart failed and then he had to have his heart replaced,
I saw him about a year later and he had this remarkable,
calm that had come over him. He was just like, it's different person,
very loving and embracing and had all this happiness and all this joy and all
this appreciation. And now all he needs is plants. I mean, he's a,
and he swears by it, that light for him. That's that's the way to go. No,
I'm talking about that light. Yeah. Salt and light.
When you come close to that light. Yeah. Yeah.
And it's in that light that I'm talking about is death.
If you come close to that light,
when you do,
and if you are fortunate enough to come back from that light,
you value life differently. You can't. There, there,
there are no bad days for me. There are no bad days for me.
I, my,
my biggest cry in life came from the first day that I came home from the
hospital because I never,
I never had to see that house again. Like there was, there was an option, right?
I mean, never seen that home again.
There was an option of me never walking on their driveway. Again,
there was an option of me never seeing my wife and my kids
again, like the biggest. And I mean, it wasn't, it wasn't like a,
like a buildup cry. It was pull up,
get out feet, touched the ground. What the just came over me.
Boo-hoo.
Like, what the? What just happened? By the way,
a painful cry. Because my back, my back was up. Right?
So I'm crying hard and I'm in pain.
But the realization of none of this has to be,
you're not in control, right? Hey, Kevin, you're not in control,
buddy. You thought you were, you move for a minute. Like, nah,
I got this. I'm gonna do that. Don't worry about it. I got it. We'll be good.
I'm gonna make sure it happens as if you were in control.
That's what it is. It's literally that yeah.
At any decision at any given time,
it can be over and it's not until you get close to that light that you truly
respect that. I respect that there are no bad days. Amen. Miss me with any.
Yeah. I'm smiling because I have no.
Reason to be angry because I don't have to be.
You appreciate that sunshine. Cause you've been in the pouring.
Rain, man. Hey, Hey, that's a. Yes.
Yeah. So when you talk about CT Fletcher and you talk about,
you know what, man, I've, I've been on the other side. He's he's been,
yeah, let's go. And that's great.
That doesn't mean it is that he doesn't still have that,
but now there's a different energy and a different level of relaxation that can
come because I know how fortunate I am to be taking these steps.
Yeah. It's not just a theory. Like every day really, truly is a gift.
She's and you take it for granted. It's real. You take it.
For granted, man. I'm gonna tell you not being able to wipe my
changed everything.
You got one of them, but days in your house,
you pressed the button and I couldn't even.
Do that. Really? I couldn't do that. I'm talking.
You, you take it for granted.
You take it for granted, man. All of this,
all of this conversation is clapping is easy. Oh, Hey,
Camair all this here. You just, you just think it's okay.
You go, go through, go through a situation where it's calm.
How long did it take before you could start walking again,
normal or semi normal.
Allied in a hospital.
Because I didn't want them to know that that I was having pain because I thought
that they were going to stop me from letting me continue to try my walks.
Um,
it was like day seven and the hospital and I
had the Walker and it was slow walks, but I was dragging,
it was upper body.
And I was masking it as if I was feet. Right.
Because I didn't want to stop trying like, that was my, that was my,
that was my, my, my, my goal.
Get my drive for anything was those that half hour or 40 where I
could get up and go walk because I was just laying in the bed
all day and you know, God blessed me and my wife and my kids.
There was there's times like if this is the remote control
and I'm in the bed and I just want to get to the control. Well,
I can't get to it. If, if,
if you didn't position a control down here by my
hands so I could get it. This here throws my whole eye.
So now I can't press the button to corners. And every second is, babe,
can you, can you grab the control for me have do one.
It was a time where my son, my son was like, it.
My son just slept in the bed with me, my son. He was like, I'm here.
That I'm up. My son didn't want to go to school.
My daughter didn't want to go to school. They didn't wanna leave my side.
They stayed there. And middle of the night, if they heard,
they heard me. You all right, dad, what you want? They were up.
My son doubled his nurse. My daughter doubled his nurse,
Nico doubled as it, uh, you know, they, they were there.
My brother came and that's when the
that's when the care about what was important,
really changed the that I thought was important.
The things that you think are important,
you get to looking around at a hospital, almost four walls.
None of that that you think is important. It's in there.
It's one of these people, none that other was in there. None of it,
none of it was in there.
It's also got to make you feel great. That there's that much love, you know,
that they cared about you that.
Way. That's what gets you. That's what gets you through it? Yeah.
So those little steps that I was taking, you know, the,
the discomfort of not being able to do the love and energy
made me go, it's going to be all right.
I'm going to get there because you definitely feel defeated for a little bit.
And so how long before you were walking without a Walker?
Um.
I'll stubborn.
Man. So probably two and a half weeks. Two to two and a half weeks.
I should of had the Walker though. Wow. I should've had the Walker, but it was,
um, I'm giving the perception that it's, that it's better than what it is.
And I had the back brace on you fake it till you make it. It was, I definitely,
I definitely, I definitely was was, Hey,
smiling. What's up? Y'all good morning,
everybody given this perception of over told me he went to visit you. Yeah.
And he said, he goes, see the guy's already walking around. Yeah. Yeah.
I had given.
A perception because you don't, I don't want you to, to,
to worry. Yeah, I got it's me. Yeah, let me, I'm going through it.
I'm gonna figure it out. I don't want that worry placed on anybody else.
I told you I stopped taking meds. So every night was a,
was a horrible night.
So much better for you though. Just accept that pain. Every night.
I did that with my knee surgery and it's obviously a much less painful thing,
but I was like, I,
I took that once for one of my knee surgeries one day and I was like this,
I feel so.
Good. Stupid. I slobbered on myself. That's when I said no, no,
I was talking to a piece.
Of slack. I was by myself.
Alone in my apartment. And I was thinking, this was, you know,
back when I lived in New York and I was like, I'm not doing this again.
This is one day. I'd rather,
I'd rather be in searing pain and have my senses than to be stupid.
I felt so dumb. Dumb, dumb, uh, yeah,
at the same.
Me, I'm not.
In to escape. I don't want to escape. I want to dig deep. Not that bad. Yeah.
I'd rather just feel the pain. I'm not looking for that bad. It's a sensation.
It's a terrible sensation. But I know what it is.
This is letting me know that there's a problem. And we'll fix that problem.
Actually.
I don't like the look that comes with being high. Yeah.
Like when I see what people look like that I don't like that. Look
[inaudible] no, that's, that's, I'm talking about this here.
That when you don't know what you hear, you,
you don't know what's going on with your hands. I don't like that.
I don't want to look. I don't want to look like that. Is.
There struggled to find time like to manage the time between work
and family relationships after.
That accident? No.
I know that I an accident accident was the best eye opening
experience ever. You know what I mean? It it's,
I was married to my career, dating my family.
Hmm. Right. Like, um, um,
I'm all about this work and all about this hustle. Granted,
there's nothing wrong with that. It's a good thing.
But after a certain point,
you gotta prioritize accordingly. Yeah.
When you get to a certain point where the decisions that can be made are a
little more controlled and you have the,
to maneuver differently because of the success that you've obtained,
make those adjustments and make those adjustments. I was still hustle, hustle,
hustle, granted. Great dad. Um, we're doing stuff. I'm home.
I'm getting back home,
but my in and outs three days and I'm out two days,
three days, I'm out. I gotta go film the movie.
Y'all come down for the weekends. All right. I see you guys. We'll eat dinner.
We'll do stuff. And it's great. Crammed it all in. All right.
Y'all got to go on working and it's not bad,
but now, all right.
I'll film a movie after I'm done filming a movie while I got,
I need to take 30 days is off. I need to take 40 days off.
I should remain a fam. Now a you go tour.
It was just bough year and a half. We out four days out of the week.
I'm out year and a half. I got to get it. Well,
now let's go a month and a half. I stopped for three weeks.
I'm with the fam. So I still have three days a week that I was here.
But then I'm a stop for three weeks. This dedicated time.
Don't nobody do anything with me or talk to me. I'm um,
I'm home now,
my office hours in that office,
when we open office open at nine I'm there eight, you know,
there's a chance that I may be in that office till six.
Now, yo, no matter what guys that Dan office has to in at like three,
I gotta be home for dinner. I got dinner with the fam.
My priorities have changed,
but it brings me back to the decisions that you're now
able to make based off of life's
circumstances, life's lessons.
So because of all of the that I went through,
because of the things that I now got to see because of that hospital room and
those four walls and me seeing my family and what that love did for me and to
me, or I'll be damned if I look past that,
I'll be damned if I not do what I'm supposed to do and give that the same amount
of attention in return because my eyes got open. Is that why that happened?
What are you saying to me? Was that supposed? What,
okay, I'm going to assume. I'm going to assume.
And I'm going to look at the signs that are clearly being given and I'm going to
try my best to do my part. I'm going to try my best to grow.
So my time now is, is so valuable.
But the priority within my time are making sure that the people
that I love and that love me have some time when it's all said
and done, I want to know that I made those adjustments.
I want to know that I did my part. You achieve that balance.
Absolutely. Yeah, but it was learned. It.
Was learned. Now this is information. Yes. It's information.
And there's one side of information that I had, which was go get it. I'm out.
I'm out. I got to go get it. I ain't got time to stay in there, man. It's to do,
which I still do. Do, I don't want to make it seem like that isn't in me,
but there's a balance. There's now a balance. That's.
The trickiest in life. Yeah. It's to find that balance, find a balance,
not just be a Savage out there, grinding and attacking all day.
But to have that balance and appreciate, especially appreciate family, right?
It's it's, it's something that I've,
that I've had to learn and that I'm still learning.
It's not something that I've knocked out the park completely yet because it's a
growing, it's a living. Yeah. You just,
you gotta just keep being a sponge and being willing to
grow. Okay.